<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <link href="../Styles/code.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h2>HttpLog模块</h2>

  <dl>
    <dd>ngx_http_log_module</dd>
  </dl>

  <p>实例</p>

  <p><br /></p>
  <pre>log_format  gzip  '$remote_addr - $remote_user [$time_local]  '
: '"$request" $status $bytes_sent '
: '"$http_referer" "$http_user_agent" "$gzip_ratio"';
access_log  /spool/logs/nginx-access.log  gzip  buffer=32k;

</pre>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">指令</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>access_log</li>

    <li>log_format</li>
  </ul>

  <p><br /></p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">access_log</h3>

  <p><b>语法：</b> <i>access_log path [format [buffer=size | off</i> ] <b>默认值：</b> <i>access_log log/access.log combined</i></p>

  <p><b>作用域：</b> <i>http, server, location</i></p>

  <p>指令 access_log 指派路径、格式和缓存大小。参数 "off" 将清除当前级别的所有 access_log 指令。如果未指定格式，则使用预置的 "combined" 格式。缓存不能大于能写入磁盘的文件的最大大小。在 FreeBSD 3.0-6.0 ，缓存大小无此限制。</p>

  <p><br /></p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">log_format</h3>

  <p><b>语法：</b> <i>log_format name format [format ...]</i></p>

  <p><b>默认值：</b> <i>log_format combined "..."</i></p>

  <p><b>作用域：</b> <i>http</i> <i>server</i></p>

  <p>Directive log_format describes the format of a log entry. Besides general variables in the format it is possible to use variables which exist only at the moment of record into the log:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>$body_bytes_sent, the number of bytes, transmitted to client minus the response headers, variable is compatible with parameter&nbsp;%B of module Apache's mod_log_config (this was called $apache_bytes_sent, before version 0.3.10)</li>

    <li>$bytes_sent, the number of bytes, transmitted to client</li>

    <li>$connection, the number of connection</li>

    <li>$msec, the time with an accuracy to microseconds at the moment of the log entry</li>

    <li>$pipe, "p" if request was pipelining</li>

    <li>$request_length, the length of the body of the request</li>

    <li>$request_time, the time of working on request in seconds</li>

    <li>$status, status of answer</li>

    <li>$time_local, local time into common log format.</li>
  </ul>

  <p>The headers, transmitted to client, begin from the prefix "sent_http_", for example, $sent_http_content_range.</p>

  <p>In the configuration there is always a predetermined format "combined":</p>

  <p><br /></p>
  <pre>log_format  combined  '$remote_addr - $remote_user [$time_local]  '
: '"$request" $status $apache_bytes_sent '
: '"$http_referer" "$http_user_agent"';
</pre>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">参考</h3>

  <p><a class="external text" href="http://sysoev.ru/nginx/docs/http/ngx_http_log_module.html" rel="nofollow" title="http://sysoev.ru/nginx/docs/http/ngx_http_log_module.html">原始文档</a></p>
</body>
</html>
