<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <link href="../Styles/code.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Charset模块</h2>

  <p>This module adds the text encoding to the "Content-Type indicated" response-header.</p>

  <p>Furthermore, module can reencode data of one encoding into another. It is necessary to note that the reencoding is accomplished only in one direction - from the server to the client, and only one-byte encodings can be reencoded.</p>

  <p>Example configuration:</p>
  <pre class="code"><span class="kw9">charset</span>         windows<span class="nu0">-1251</span>;
<span class="kw9">source_charset</span>  koi8-r;</pre>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">指令</h3>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">charset</h3>

  <p><b>syntax:</b> <i>charset encoding|off</i></p>

  <p><b>default:</b> <i>charset off</i></p>

  <p><b>context:</b> <i>http, server, location, if in location</i></p>

  <p>The directive charset adds the line "Content-Type" into response-header with indicated encoding. If this encoding is differed from that indicated in directive source_charset, then reencoding is carried out. The parameter "off" deactivate the insertation of the line "Content-Type" in the response-header.</p>

  <p><br /></p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">charset_map</h3>

  <p><b>syntax:</b> <i>charset_map encoding1 encoding2 {...}</i></p>

  <p><b>default:</b> <i>no</i></p>

  <p><b>context:</b> <i>http, server, location</i></p>

  <p>The directive charset_map describes the table of reencoding from one encoding into another. A table for the inverse reencoding is created using the same data. The codes of symbols are assigned in hexadecimal form. If no recorded symbols are in the range 80-FF they will be substituted with '?'.</p>

  <p>Example usage:</p>
  <pre class="code"><span class="kw9">charset_map</span>  koi8-r  windows<span class="nu0">-1251</span> <span class="br0">{</span>
  C0  FE&nbsp;; <span class="co1"># small yu</span>
  C1  E0&nbsp;; <span class="co1"># small a</span>

  C2  E1&nbsp;; <span class="co1"># small b</span>
  C3  F6&nbsp;; <span class="co1"># small ts</span>
  <span class="co1"># ...</span>
<span class="br0">}</span></pre>

  <p>The complete table of conversion from koi8-r into Windows-1251 is distributed with nginx and is located in file conf/koi-win.</p>

  <p><br /></p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">override_charset</h3>

  <p><b>syntax:</b> <i>override_charset on|off</i></p>

  <p><b>default:</b> <i>override_charset off</i></p>

  <p><b>context:</b> <i>http, server, location, if in location</i></p>

  <p>This directive determines, to carry out reencoding for the response, obtained from the proxied server or from FastCGI-server, if in the response-header a "Content-Type" header already is. If reencoding is permitted, then as the initial encoding the encoding, indicated in the obtained answer, is used.</p>

  <p>It is necessary to note that if the response was obtained in the subquery then, independent of directive override_charset, is always carried out reencoding from encoding of the response into encoding of basic demand.</p>

  <p><br /></p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">source_charset</h3>

  <p><b>syntax:</b> <i>source_charset encoding</i></p>

  <p><b>default:</b> <i>no</i></p>

  <p><b>context:</b> <i>http, server, location, if in location</i></p>

  <p>The directive source_charset assigns the initial encoding of response. If this encoding is differed from that indicated in directive charset, then reencoding is carried out.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">References</h3>

  <p><a class="external text" href="http://sysoev.ru/nginx/docs/http/ngx_http_charset_module.html" rel="nofollow" title="http://sysoev.ru/nginx/docs/http/ngx_http_charset_module.html">Original Documentation</a></p>
</body>
</html>
