<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <link href="../Styles/code.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h2>HttpSubstitution</h2>

  <p>This module can search and replace text in the nginx response. It is only available if the</p>
  <pre>--with-http_sub_module option</pre>

  <p>was specified for ./configure.</p>

  <p>本模块可以在nginx的回应中查找和替换文本.在编译nginx时必需加上--with-http_sub_module option</p>

  <p>例如:</p>
  <pre>location / {
  sub_filter      &lt;/head&gt;
  '&lt;/head&gt;&lt;script language="javascript" src="$script"&gt;&lt;/script&gt;';
  sub_filter_once on;
}

</pre>

  <h2 class="sigil_not_in_toc">指令</h2>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">sub_filter</h3>

  <p><b>syntax:</b> <i>sub_filter text substitution</i></p>

  <p><b>default:</b> <i>none</i></p>

  <p><b>context:</b> <i>http, server, location</i></p>

  <p><i>sub_filter</i> allows replacing some text in the nginx response with some other text, independently of the source of the data. The matching is case-insensitive. Substitution text may contain variables. Only one substitution rule per location is supported.</p>

  <p><i>sub_filter</i> 允许替换源文件里的多个文本（多次替换）匹配是非常快速的。替换必须包含变量，一个location只能一个替换规则.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">sub_filter_once</h3>

  <p><b>syntax:</b> <i>sub_filter_once on|off</i></p>

  <p><b>default:</b> <i>sub_filter_once on</i></p>

  <p><b>context:</b> <i>http, server, location</i></p>

  <p><i>sub_filter_once off</i> allows to search and replace all matching lines, the default is replacing only the first one.</p>

  <p><i>sub_filter_once off</i> 允许查找替换所有匹配行，默认只替换第一个.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">sub_filter_types</h3>

  <p><b>syntax:</b> <i>sub_filter_types mime-type [mime-type ...]</i></p>

  <p><b>default:</b> <i>sub_filter_types text/html</i></p>

  <p><b>context:</b> <i>http, server, location</i></p>

  <p><i>sub_filter_types</i> is used to specify which content types should be checked for <i>sub_filter</i>. The default is only <i>text/html</i>.</p>

  <p><i>sub_filter_types</i>用于指定替换<i>sub_filter</i>的类型，默认为<i>text/html</i>.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">References</h3>

  <p><a class="external text" href="http://sysoev.ru/nginx/docs/http/ngx_http_sub_module.html" rel="nofollow" title="http://sysoev.ru/nginx/docs/http/ngx_http_sub_module.html">Original Documentation</a></p>
</body>
</html>
