<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <link href="../Styles/code.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h2>HttpImageFilter</h2>

  <p><b>Version:</b> 0.7.54+</p>

  <p>This module is a filter for transforming JPEG, GIF and PNG images. It is not enabled by default to enable it, provide this option to ./configure when building nginx:<br />
  这个模块用来分发JPEG，GIF和PNG图片。这个没有默认开启，在编译nginx中通过./configure参数配置</p>
  <pre>--with-http_image_filter_module  
</pre>

  <p>libgd is required to build and run the module. We recommend using the latest version of libgd.<br />
  编译和运行这个模块必须安装libgd库。我们推荐使用最新版本的Libgd.</p>

  <p><br /></p>

  <h2 id="sigil_toc_id_1">Example Configuration</h2>
  <pre class="code"><span class="kw3">location</span> /img/ <span class="br0">{</span>
    <span class="kw21">proxy_pass</span>     <span class="kw3">http</span>://backend;
    image_filter   resize  <span class="nu0">150</span> <span class="nu0">100</span>;
    <span class="kw3">error_page</span>     <span class="nu0">415</span>   = /empty;

<span class="br0">}</span>
&nbsp;
<span class="kw3">location</span> = /empty <span class="br0">{</span>
    <span class="kw10">empty_gif</span>;
<span class="br0">}</span></pre>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">指令</h3>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">image_filter</h3>

  <p><b>Syntax:</b> <i>image_filter (test|size|resize width height|crop width height)</i></p>

  <p><b>Default:</b> <i>none</i></p>

  <p><b>Context:</b> <i>location</i></p>

  <p>Specifies the type of transformation to apply to the image, one of the below:<br />
  详细的图片后缀类型如下：</p>

  <ul>
    <li>test: checking that the response is indeed an image format JPEG, GIF or PNG. Otherwise, an error 415.<br />
    测试：测试确定图片文件的后缀格式为JPEG，GIF OR PNG。否则返回415错误</li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li>size: Gives information about the image in JSON format. For example,<br />
    尺寸：返回JSON格式的图片信息。例如：</li>
  </ul>
  <pre>{ "img"&nbsp;: { "width": 100, "height": 100, "type": "gif" } }</pre>

  <p>Or if an error occurs,<br />
  或者如果发生错误,</p>
  <pre>{}</pre>

  <ul>
    <li>resize: proportionally reduces the image to a specified size.<br />
    调整大小：缩略图片到特定的尺寸</li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li>crop: proportionally reduces the image to a specified size and trims extra edge.<br />
    切割：切割图片到特定的尺寸和特定的分辨率</li>
  </ul>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">image_filter_buffer</h3>

  <p><b>Syntax:</b> <i>image_filter_buffer size</i></p>

  <p><b>Default:</b> <i>1M</i></p>

  <p><b>Context:</b> <i>http, server, location</i></p>

  <p>Sets the maximum size for reading the image.<br />
  设置读取文件的最大的尺寸</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">image_filter_jpeg_quality</h3>

  <p><b>Syntax:</b> <i>image_filter_jpeg_quality [0...100]</i></p>

  <p><b>Default:</b> <i>75</i></p>

  <p><b>Context:</b> <i>http, server, location</i></p>

  <p>Sets the rate of loss of information when processing the images as <b>JPEG</b>. The maximum recommended value is <b>95</b>.<br />
  设置处理JPEG图片的丢失信息率.推荐的最大值为95</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">image_filter_transparency</h3>

  <p><b>Syntax:</b> <i>image_filter_transparency on|off</i></p>

  <p><b>Default:</b> <i>on</i></p>

  <p><b>Context:</b> <i>http, server, location</i></p>

  <p>This directive allows you to disable image transparency in GIF and palette-based PNG to improve image resampling quality.<br />
  这个指令容许你关闭GIF图片的透明度和 PNG图片质量</p>

  <p>True color PNG alpha-channels are always preserved despite this setting.<br />
  真彩色PNG图片保存忽略设定</p>

  <p>Note: Grayscale PNG's are untested, but should be handled as truecolor PNGs.<br />
  注释：灰度PNG图片未被设置，但应该被作为真彩色PNG图片处理</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">References</h3>

  <p><a class="external text" href="http://sysoev.ru/nginx/docs/http/ngx_http_image_filter_module.html" rel="nofollow" title="http://sysoev.ru/nginx/docs/http/ngx_http_image_filter_module.html">Original Documentation</a></p>
</body>
</html>
